spec.md, before:

# Specifications for the Sinatra Assessment

Specs:
- [x] Use Sinatra to build the app
  - Used Sinatra gem, Utilizes an MVC pattern
- [x] Use ActiveRecord for storing information in a database
  - Models inherit from ActiveRecord::Base and save records to the database
- [x] Include more than one model class (list of model class names e.g. User, Post, Category)
  - Have User, Beer, and Brewery models
- [x] Include at least one has_many relationship (x has_many y e.g. User has_many Posts)
  - User has_many :beers, User has_many :breweries
- [x] Include user accounts
  - Users can signup/signout & login/logout.
- [ ] Ensure that users can't modify content created by other users
- [ ] Ensure that the belongs_to resource has routes for Creating, Reading, Updating and Destroying
- [x] Include user input validations
  - Users must enter a unique email, unique username, and a password of length > 6
- [ ] Display validation failures to user with error message (example form URL e.g. /posts/new)
- [ ] Your README.md includes a short description, install instructions, a contributors guide and a link to the license for your code

Confirm
- [x] You have a large number of small Git commits
  - There are many commits
- [x] Your commit messages are meaningful
  - I try to be as specific as possible
- [x] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message
  - Am committing changes that are related to the feature/functionality
- [x] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message
  - I have a couple in the beginning like this, but am mindful of my commits going forward

Commit message:

Fix issue where users beers were assigned incorrectly, add beer edit form, add signout link, update spec.md

spec.md, after:

# Specifications for the Sinatra Assessment

Specs:
- [x] Use Sinatra to build the app
  - Used Sinatra gem, Utilizes an MVC pattern
- [x] Use ActiveRecord for storing information in a database
  - Models inherit from ActiveRecord::Base and save records to the database
- [x] Include more than one model class (list of model class names e.g. User, Post, Category)
  - Have User, Beer, and Brewery models
- [x] Include at least one has_many relationship (x has_many y e.g. User has_many Posts)
  - User has_many :beers, User has_many :breweries
- [x] Include user accounts
  - Users can signup/signout & login/logout.
- [x] Ensure that users can't modify content created by other users
  - Only a logged in user can modify their own content. They can view other beers submitted but cannot edit, update, or delete them.
- [ ] Ensure that the belongs_to resource has routes for Creating, Reading, Updating and Destroying
- [x] Include user input validations
  - Users must enter a unique email, unique username, and a password of length > 6
- [x] Display validation failures to user with error message (example form URL e.g. /posts/new)
  - Users must include a name for both beer_name and brewery_name
- [ ] Your README.md includes a short description, install instructions, a contributors guide and a link to the license for your code

Confirm
- [x] You have a large number of small Git commits
  - There are many commits
- [x] Your commit messages are meaningful
  - I try to be as specific as possible
- [x] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message
  - Am committing changes that are related to the feature/functionality
- [x] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message
  - I have a couple in the beginning like this, but am mindful of my commits going forward
